due to the dangers involved in the importance of the mission that the
navy a marine corps in the rest of military all very rule orient and
sometimes you have to look at the rule and save even if it's a stupid
rule no it's not a bad rule even though it's not the best rule so
I'm gonna following just pick so breaking the rules he's never okay
on the other hand they're a lot of times when you need to get something
done and you have to break rules to do there been times when I
in the navy what install equipment from somebody else in the navy because
my unit needed it and I wanted it and they were using it silent
got it that was breaking the rules had been caught I probably would
have never made command but I didn't get caught so make command so
sometimes that's true sometimes breaking the rules is came for unit
cohesiveness if you discharge from the military everybody who had broken
the rules about when they were supposed to drink alcohol your
pal would be nobody left was that okay no I understand the rules station
doing yeah no I got very upset by and large as I've said so many
times I think you have to remember and the hole where you're supposed
to be when you're supposed to be there that's one rule you never
want to break where you're supposed to be when you're supposed to be